Beta Guide: Third-Party Risk Integration (#1870)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/third-party-risk-integration/create-service-app/index.md

    }
    ```
4. Copy the **Public Key** JSON value to your Postman environment's `publicKey` variable.
5. Make sure to save the JSON value for the **Public and Private Keypair**, which is required during testing.

For background information on this process, see [Create a public/private key pair](/docs/guides/implement-oauth-for-okta-serviceapp/create-publicprivate-keypair).

### Create a service application
Create the service application that integrates with the third-party Risk Provider using the previously generated public key for authentication.

1. Copy the name of your third-party Risk Provider to your Postman environment's `providerName` variable. In this example, use `Risk Provider Example`.

2. Call the following POST API from the Risk Integration Postman collection: **Admin: API to create OAuth service client (for the provider)** (`{{url}}/oauth2/v1/clients`).

> 3. Review the response, which includes the `jwks` key pair. Note, the `clint_name` value is the same value you gave to the `providerName` variable. A sample response follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Review the response, which includes the `jwks` key pair. Note, the `client_name` value is the same value you gave as the `providerName` variable. A sample response follows:
```
